In short, I go to the toilet
I open the door and enter my room
I see an open comment on the last
video come up and start counting
the hague without pale yellow bracket
bracket bracket noticed the echo effect i
rubbed thought in previous releases seemed
not now it is obvious but the game is an orbit
Goldy hayosos I in him in to he asked
He said that he was not looking but that
clearly audible to change their voices voice and
this phrase is not important you are only a diralt
claimed you ran out of my way
so it seems to me during hunting like
played tricks already parody 1218
the idea of ​​crying from them and drive to the rivers
ford idea screaming they have stuffing
I took the idea of ​​crying from them porphyry
in the hospital so yes all of myself
this kind of healthy yes I come home
look reading comments shorter me
like this yes
accused of plagiarism I have for a long time
telling showed deities
damn do not look at youtube yet
long
even if it hangs on the channel
see that didn't build one
video right on that I hardly even know
what is he how can i parody igroorgy
if this
reviews yes it reviews and I have that
I have a review and no mini reviews you ask
from where then i got this idea yes fuck out
heads where else do you know this
logic you put on a sweater pizdaty such
sweater you you like it you go out
what kind of sweater do you have here and then
meeting dude who is wearing this sweater
longer than you saw him more people and
asking for 1 pc you parody it this him
sweater Kirovich type talk right here
about the same well I won't
more to do so but it's me
I also wanted to skip all the same if
before left unnoticed of all
thought that I really plagiarized such
like a mountain Julia everything is bad
all lies about the see